add gateway component overview document (#1549)
vdaas/vald: docs/overview/component/lb-gateway.md

# Vald LB Gateway

Vald LB Gateway is the component to handle requests in the Vald cluster.

This component is essential to operate the Vald cluster because all requests should pass it, and other components depend on it.

This page introduces the overview and features of Vald Gateway.

## Responsibility

Vald LB Gateway is responsible for:

- Pass and load balancing requests to the other Vald components
- Control processing with timeout setting

> - Gathering search results and sorting out as a result

Author: ```suggestion
- Aggregate search results from each Vald Agent and rerank searching result
```

> - Aggregate search results from each Vald Agent and rerank searching result

Author: ```suggestion
- Aggregate search results from each Vald Agent
- Sort and combine into one search result
```

> The next chapter shows the main features.

Author: This sentence is paasive.
```suggestion
The next chapter shows the main features.
```

## Features

Vald LB Gateway is a mandatory component for the Vald cluster.

Each following section introduces each feature.

### Pass and Control all requests

Vald LB Gateway is the only component that connects to Kubernetes Ingress in the Vald cluster’s components in basic.

User requests have passed Kubernetes Ingress reaches to Vald LB Gateway.

Then, Vald LB Gateway will suspend processing according to timeout and return a response when the internal processing takes a long time.

<div class="note">

If Vald Filter Gateway runs and the request has the filter gateway option, Kubernetes Ingress will pass the request to Vald Filter Gateway.

Then, Vald Filter Gateway sends the processed request to the Vald LB Gateway.

</div>

### Control insert vectors

As its name shows, Vald LB Gateway has the load balancing feature.

Vald LB Gateway controls insert vector requests based on `index replica` and each Vald Agent Pod resource usage, which [Vald Discoverer](../component/discoverer.md) provides, to avoid uneven resource usage.

> ### Broadcast and Gathering search result

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Broadcast search request and aggregate search result
```
